+++
title = "Paper Accepted to HRI 2017"
date = "2017-01-24T23:47:43-05:00"
tags = []
author = ""
description = ""
+++

The paper "Implicit Communication in a Joint Action", by [Ross Knepper]({{< ref "people/ross.md" >}}),
[Christoforos Mavrogiannis]({{< ref "people/chris.md" >}}), [Julia Proft]({{< ref "people/julia.md" >}}),
and [Claire Liang]({{< ref "people/claire.md" >}}), has been accepted to [**HRI 
2017**](http://humanrobotinteraction.org/2017/). 

From the paper:

  > "Actions performed in the context of a joint activity comprise two aspects: functional and 
  > communicative. The functional component achieves the goal of the action, whereas its 
  > communicative component, when present, expresses some information to the actor’s partners in the 
  > joint activity. The interpretation of such communication requires leveraging information that is 
  > public to all participants, known as common ground. Much of human communication is performed 
  > through this implicit mechanism, and humans cannot help but infer some meaning — whether or not 
  > it was intended by the actor — from most actions. Robots must be cognizant of how their actions 
  > will be interpreted in context. We present a framework for robots to utilize this communicative 
  > channel on top of normal functional actions to work more effectively with human partners. We 
  > consider the role of the actor and the observer, both individually and jointly, in implicit 
  > communication, as well as the effects of timing. We also show how the framework maps onto 
  > various modes of action, including natural language and motion. We consider these modes of 
  > action in various human-robot interaction domains, including social navigation and collaborative 
  > assembly."
