+++
title = "Paper Presented at WAFR 2016"
date = "2016-12-20T23:47:43-05:00"
tags = []
author = ""
description = ""
+++

The paper ["Decentralized Multi-Agent Navigation Planning with 
Braids"](http://wafr.org/papers/WAFR_2016_paper_117.pdf), by [Christoforos Mavrogiannis]({{< ref 
"people/chris.md" >}}) and [Ross Knepper]({{< ref "people/ross.md" >}}) was presented at [**WAFR 
2016**](http://www.wafr.org/).

From the paper:

> We present a novel planning framework for navigation in dynamic,
> multi-agent environments with no explicit communication among agents, such as
> pedestrian scenes. Inspired by the collaborative nature of human navigation, our
> approach treats the problem as a coordination game, in which players coordinate
> to avoid each other as they move towards their destinations. We explicitly encode
> the concept of coordination into the agents’ decision making process through a
> novel inference mechanism about future joint strategies of avoidance. We represent
> joint strategies as equivalence classes of topological trajectory patterns using
> the formalism of braids. This topological representation naturally generalizes to
> any number of agents and provides the advantage of adaptability to different environments,
> in contrast to the majority of existing approaches. At every round,
> the agents simultaneously decide on their next action that contributes collision-free
> progress towards their destination but also towards a global joint strategy
> that appears to be in compliance with all agents’ preferences, as inferred from
> their past behaviors. This policy leads to a smooth and rapid uncertainty decrease
> regarding the emerging joint strategy that is promising for real world scenarios.
> Simulation results highlight the importance of reasoning about joint strategies
> and demonstrate the efficacy of our approach.

