# References

Chai, C., C. Ammon, S. Anandakrishnan, C. Ramirez, and A. Nyblade
(2017), Estimating subglacial structure using p-wave receiver functions,
*Geophysical Journal International*, *209*(2), 1064–1079.

Christianson, K., R. W. Jacobel, H. J. Horgan, R. B. Alley, S.
Anandakrishnan, D. M. Holland, and K. J. DallaSanta (2016a), Basal
conditions at the grounding zone of whillans ice stream, west
antarctica, from ice-penetrating radar, *Journal of Geophysical
Research: Earth Surface*, *121*(11), 1954–1983.

Christianson, K. et al. (2016b), Sensitivity of pine island glacier to
observed ocean forcing, *Geophysical Research Letters*, *43*(20).

Heeszel, D. S., D. A. Wiens, S. Anandakrishnan, R. C. Aster, I. W.
Dalziel, A. D. Huerta, A. A. Nyblade, T. J. Wilson, and J. P. Winberry
(2016), Upper mantle structure of central and west antarctica from array
analysis of rayleigh wave phase velocities, *Journal of Geophysical
Research: Solid Earth*, *121*(3), 1758–1775.

Holschuh, N., K. Christianson, S. Anandakrishnan, R. B. Alley, and R. W.
Jacobel (2016), Constraining attenuation uncertainty in common midpoint
radar surveys of ice sheets, *Journal of Geophysical Research: Earth
Surface*, *121*(10), 1876–1890.

Kluskiewicz, D., E. D. Waddington, S. Anandakrishnan, D. E. Voigt, K.
Matsuoka, and M. P. McCarthy (2017), Sonic methods for measuring crystal
orientation fabric in ice, and results from the west antarctic ice sheet
(wais) divide, *Journal of Glaciology*, 1–15.

Leeman, J., R. Valdez, R. Alley, S. Anandakrishnan, and D. Saffer
(2016a), Mechanical and hydrologic properties of whillans ice stream
till: Implications for basal strength and stick-slip failure, *Journal
of Geophysical Research: Earth Surface*, *121*(7), 1295–1309.

Leeman, J., R. Valdez, R. Alley, S. Anandakrishnan, and D. Saffer
(2016b), Poro-elastic properties of whillan’s ice stream till:
Implications for basal stick-slip, in *AGU fall meeting abstracts*.

Luthra, T., S. Anandakrishnan, J. P. Winberry, R. B. Alley, and N.
Holschuh (2016), Basal characteristics of the main sticky spot on the
ice plain of whillans ice stream, antarctica, *Earth and Planetary
Science Letters*, *440*, 12–19.

Luthra, T., L. E. Peters, S. Anandakrishnan, R. B. Alley, N. Holschuh,
and A. M. Smith (2017), Characteristics of the sticky spot of kamb ice
stream, west antarctica, *Journal of Geophysical Research: Earth
Surface*, *122*(3), 641–653.

Ma, X., X. Sun, D. A. Wiens, L. Wen, A. Nyblade, S. Anandakrishnan, R.
Aster, A. Huerta, and T. Wilson (2016), Strong seismic scatterers near
the core–mantle boundary north of the pacific anomaly, *Physics of the
Earth and Planetary Interiors*, *253*, 21–30.

Mei, M. J., D. M. Holland, S. Anandakrishnan, and T. Zheng (2016), A
two-station seismic method to localize glacier calving, *Cryosphere
Discuss*, 1–15.

Mei, M. J., D. M. Holland, S. Anandakrishnan, and T. Zheng (2017),
Calving localization at helheim glacier using multiple local seismic
stations, *The Cryosphere*, *11*(1), 609.

Muto, A., L. E. Peters, K. Gohl, I. Sasgen, R. B. Alley, S.
Anandakrishnan, and K. L. Riverman (2016), Subglacial bathymetry and
sediment distribution beneath pine island glacier ice shelf modeled
using aerogravity and in situ geophysical data: New results, *Earth and
Planetary Science Letters*, *433*, 63–75.

O’Donnell, J., K. Selway, A. Nyblade, R. Brazier, D. Wiens, S.
Anandakrishnan, R. Aster, A. Huerta, T. Wilson, and J. Winberry (2017),
The uppermost mantle seismic velocity and viscosity structure of central
west antarctica, *Earth and Planetary Science Letters*, *472*, 38–49.

Pratt, M. J., D. A. Wiens, J. P. Winberry, S. Anandakrishnan, and G. G.
Euler (2017), Implications of sea ice on southern ocean microseisms
detected by a seismic array in west antarctica, *Geophysical Journal
International*, *209*(1), 492–507.

Preiswerk, L. E. et al. (2016), Monitoring unstable parts in the
ice-covered weissmies northwest face,

Ramirez, C., A. Nyblade, S. Hansen, D. A. Wiens, S. Anandakrishnan, R.
C. Aster, A. D. Huerta, P. Shore, and T. Wilson (2016), Crustal and
upper-mantle structure beneath ice-covered regions in antarctica from
s-wave receiver functions and implications for heat flow, *Geophysical
Journal International*, *204*(3), 1636–1648.

Vélez, J. A., G. P. Tsoflias, R. A. Black, C. J. Van der Veen, and S.
Anandakrishnan (2016), Distribution of preferred ice crystal orientation
determined from seismic anisotropy: Evidence from jakobshavn isbræ and
the north greenland eemian ice drilling facility, greenland,
*Geophysics*.

